Test authoring tools (#153)
loadimpact/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/01 guides/03 Test authoring/02 Recording a session/01 Browser recorder.md

2 - **Start a recording**

Open the extension by clicking the k6 logo, and press "Start recording" to begin recording the current browser tab.  It's good to have in consideration the following best practices to record a user session:

**Do**

- Browse like a user would
- Take natural pauses that users would take to consume page content
- Focus on the most common use cases, rather than all the possible use cases
- Take note of pages where forms/logins occur, you will likely need to complete some scripting there

**Do NOT**

- Visit every page in one journey
- Click every possible option
- Navigate as fast as you can
- Navigate away your actual site or application

![Step 2](./images/Recording-a-test-script/step-2.png)

3 - **Stop the recording**

When done, press "Stop recording", you'll be taken to the app to review the recorded test script

![Step 3](./images/Recording-a-test-script/step-3.png)

4 - **Save your test script**

Save the recorded script in any of your projects.

If any **third party requests** are made during the recording, those requests will be filtered out by default because: 

- These third-party requests will skew the percentiles of your performance results.

> - You may have no ability to impact the performance of the third-party service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You may not have the ability to impact the performance of third-party services
```
